extensions are best for you let's start
with length longer the hair the more
expensive 14 16 18 20 and 22 inches are
the most common 14 inch pieces are great
dad fullness to your hair without adding
lane if you have short hair and want
long hair try using 16 inch hair to
start off with until you get used to
them most people have to buy two sets of
extensions if they have short hair one
set is long enough you have medium
length hair and one a couple inches the
extension on the top is European virgin
hair basically it's never been dyed and
it came from the head of someone
European these extensions can go for
three hundred dollars and up if you're a
blonde you'll probably need to buy this
type of hair because it's much finer and
softer just like natural blonde the hair
on the bottom of the screen is asian
hair the price is much cheaper at around
150 even though asian hair is
double-tracked it's been dyed processed
and is cheaper quality if you are
brunette or have black hair you may be
fine with using the thicker asian hair
both piles are full sets of extensions
the set on the top is a cheaper asian
brand and the pile on the bottom is a
luxury european brand you can see the
difference in thickness of the hair when
i put it into a ponytail with lighter
your hair color is the more important it
is to match the texture of your hair
when light passes through blonde hair it
shows a difference in textures more than
it does on dark hair look look look over
there I see a track most human hair
extensions are diable but very few are
actually bleach Ebel I hand i'ma
extensions for photo shoots to match
natural roots the pile on the top is
original color and the bottom pile is a
new more natural looking hair color you
can see that died here has been washed
and dried wavy be careful when buying
straight hair extensions sometimes it's
false advertising because the wavy hair
is cheaper and more plentiful why they
gotta live like that where's the
straight hair there are so many types of
textures the most common are deep body
wave French refine curly body wave y
aquí jheri curl and of course straight
french refine hair has a more random
wave than a deep body wave which is very
uniform and curl yeah key here is a very
textured straight hair and is great to
match curly-haired girls who press out
their hair straight
jerry curl is a much tighter frizzy
texture which can add volume to limp
curly hair all of the curls loosened up
after time and washing so that's it just
a little bit of info to help you make a
better educated guess on to what clip in
extensions are right for you do you want
to learn more about clip in extensions
please click on the link below to go to
my blog post about this video